Fix broken links (#261)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: ref/webrtc-streamer.md

| `nvidia_h264.aq_strength` | integer | `0` | Strength of adaptive quantisation: a value from `1` (least aggressive) to `15` (most aggressive). `0` means the encoder will automatically decide. |
| `nvidia_h264.preset` | integer | `0` | Preset to use (a value from `1` to `7`). `0` means Anbox will automatically decide. |

> See the [NVENC Video Encoder API](https://docs.nvidia.com/video-technologies/video-codec-sdk/12.1/nvenc-video-encoder-api-prog-guide/index.html) documentation for more details on the `nvidia_h264` options.

Reviewer: The `index.html` part seems unnecessary to me: it works without it. Also, I think we are using the 11.0.10 version of NVEnc.

@adglkh Am I correct? The build files include:
```
external/nv-video-codec-sdk/11.0.10
```

```suggestion
See the [NVENC Video Encoder API](https://docs.nvidia.com/video-technologies/video-codec-sdk/11.0/nvenc-video-encoder-api-prog-guide/) documentation for more details on the `nvidia_h264` options.
```
